Kzl 241 document controller (#86)
kuzzleio/documentation-V2: src/sdk-reference/cpp/1/document/mGet/index.md

---
layout: sdk.html.hbs
algolia: true
title: mGet
description:
order: 200
---

# mGet

> Given `document ids`, retrieves the corresponding documents from the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets multiple documents.
```

> Only documents in the persistent data storage layer can be retrieved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Returns a [partial error]({{ site_base_path }}api-documentation/errors/#partialerror) (with status 206) if one or more document can not be retrieved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throws a partial error (error code 206) if one or more document cannot be retrieved.
```

## Arguments

```cpp
std::string mGet(
    const std::string& index, 
    const std::string& collection, 
    const std::vector<std::string>& ids, 
    kuzzleio::query_options *options=nullptr
)
```

| Argument | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `index` | <pre>std::string</pre> | Index name |
| `collection` | <pre>std::string</pre> | Collection name |
| `ids` | std::vector<std::string> | The document ids |
| `options` | <pre>query_options</pre> | A pointer to a `query_options` containing query options |

### options

Additional query options

| Option | Type (default) | Description |
| ------ | -------------- | ----------- |
| `queuable` | <pre>boolean</pre> (`true`) | Make this request queuable or not |

## Return

> Returns a JSON string containing the retreived documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a JSON string containing the retrieved documents.
```
